The science of the mind, and of consciousness in particular, needs to carefully
consider people's common-sense views of the mind, not just what the mind really
is.  Such views are themselves an aspect of the nature of (conscious) mind, and
therefore part of the object of study for a science of mind.  Also, since the
common-sense views allow broadly successful social interaction, it is reasonable
to look to the common-sense views for some rough guidance as to the real nature
of the mind.  On the other hand, to the extent that common-sense views are
inaccurate, and perhaps even in gross conflict with the true nature of the
mind, one interesting scientific question is: why do we hold such views, given
our access to our own minds? Why should introspection be limited in a way that
allows inaccurate views to hold sway?  Now, common-sense views of the mind are
revealed in natural language discourse that describes mental states, and such
descriptions are largely metaphorical. The metaphors are used within thinking
about the mind as well as in language.  Therefore the study of metaphor is
central to the study of mind.  The present article is a preliminary study of
the importance of metaphor in the scientific study of consciousness. It
concentrates on analyzing the nature of a range of important metaphors of mind,
briefly discussing the extent to which they can be used to describe or qualify
states of consciousness, and pointing to important questions about the nature
of consciousness that the study of the metaphors raises.  The article further
conjectures that the reason people use metaphors in describing themselves is
often not (just) that they have intellectually worked out some structural
analogy --- e.g., between interactions of physical objects in physical space and
interactions of ideas in the mind --- but rather that they {\it feel} their own
minds to be as described by the metaphor --- e.g., they feel that the ideas in
their minds are interacting physical entities. This matter of how a mind feels
to itself is an aspect of the central issue of consciousness, namely its
phenomenal quality. 
